c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Cryptology.dll.config
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Cryptology.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Cryptology.pdb
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\obj\Debug\Cryptology.dll
c:\users\rohail\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\obj\Debug\Cryptology.pdb
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Json.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Json.pdb
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\rohail\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Cryptology\Cryptology\obj\Debug\Cryptology.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
